- Hi my name is Lisa, I am the creator and founder of ILS (Innovative Life Skills).
- Speaking into a camera is not amongst my skill set, and certainly not something I've had practice with.
- However coaching people to achieve their life goals
- is something I definitely have practice with.
- I've worked with adults, children and families over the past 20 years.
- And my passion is guiding people to achieve the results they want to achieve,
- be that being happier, more confident, more successful in the work place,
- public speaking. What ever that may be for You as an individual
- My goal is to help You achieve it.
- So if there's something you'd like to work on,
- whether you're aware of the goal you want to achieve, or you're just a little bit unsure at the moment about which direction in life you're going in.
- Send me an email and drop me a line, and I'll get back to you personally.
- I look forward to working with you, thanks for watching.